index.md, before:

# Bensonhurst, Brooklyn
### Home to Brooklyn's Second Chinatown

## Map of Bensonhurst
[GeoJSON file](https://github.com/jchen2186/bensonhurst/blob/master/bensonhurst.geojson)

## Demographics and Statistics
* Population size: 151,000 (as of 2010)
* Population density: 45,519 people per square mile
* Age structure
    * Under 20: 23.6%
    * 20-24: 8.0%
    * 25-34: 15.0%
    * 35-44: 13.7%
    * 45-64: 25.8%
    * 65 and Over: 13.9%
* Birth rate: 14.1 per 1000
* Mortality rate: 6.7 per 1000
* Sex ratio: 1 male to 1.04 females
* Zip Codes: 11204, 11214, 11223, 11230
* Census Tracts:
    182, 184, 186, 188, 190, 248, 250, 252, 254, 256, 258,
    260, 262, 264, 266, 268, 270, 272, 274, 276, 278, 284,
    288, 290, 294, 296, 298, 300, 302, 304, 400, 402, 406,
    408, 410, 412, 424, 426, 428, 430, 432, 434, 436
* Distance from Bensonhurst to
    * Federal Hall: 6.68 mi (10.76 km)
    * Empire State Building: 9.50 mi (15.30 km)

## Top 10 Parking Tickets by License Plate
1. Plate ID: 40011JX        Tickets: 171
2. Plate ID: 92709JU        Tickets: 162
3. Plate ID: BLANKPLATE     Tickets: 154
4. Plate ID: 12258MG        Tickets: 106
5. Plate ID: 62496JM        Tickets: 104
6. Plate ID: 88809JA        Tickets: 100
7. Plate ID: K20396K        Tickets: 90
8. Plate ID: 60431MD        Tickets: 86
9. Plate ID: 56267MG        Tickets: 77
10. Plate ID: 63545MC       Tickets: 76

## Top 10 Complaints
1. Blocked Driveway             8521
2. Illegal Parking              6963
3. Heating                      6910
4. Street Condition             6034
5. Noise - Residential          5463
6. Heat/Hot Water               4964
7. Street Light Condition       4721
8. Plumbing                     3330
9. Water System                 3126
10. Traffic Signal Condition    2996

## Map of 311 Complaints
[HTML file](https://github.com/jchen2186/bensonhurst/blob/master/bensonhurst_311_calls.html)

Commit message:

added interactive map and tables

index.md, after:

# Bensonhurst, Brooklyn
### Home to Brooklyn's Second Chinatown

## Map of Bensonhurst
[GeoJSON file](https://github.com/jchen2186/bensonhurst/blob/master/bensonhurst.geojson)
![Preview of map of Bensonhurst](https://i.gyazo.com/f8f07976b13c44c6d21220e83fdb529f.png)

## Demographics and Statistics
* Population size: 151,000 (as of 2010)
* Population density: 45,519 people per square mile
* Age structure
    * Under 20: 23.6%
    * 20-24: 8.0%
    * 25-34: 15.0%
    * 35-44: 13.7%
    * 45-64: 25.8%
    * 65 and Over: 13.9%
* Birth rate: 14.1 per 1000
* Mortality rate: 6.7 per 1000
* Sex ratio: 1 male to 1.04 females
* Zip Codes: 11204, 11214, 11223, 11230
* Census Tracts:
    182, 184, 186, 188, 190, 248, 250, 252, 254, 256, 258,
    260, 262, 264, 266, 268, 270, 272, 274, 276, 278, 284,
    288, 290, 294, 296, 298, 300, 302, 304, 400, 402, 406,
    408, 410, 412, 424, 426, 428, 430, 432, 434, 436
* Distance from Bensonhurst to
    * Federal Hall: 6.68 mi (10.76 km)
    * Empire State Building: 9.50 mi (15.30 km)

## Top 10 Parking Tickets by License Plate
|  # |  Plate ID  | # of Tickets |
|:--:|:----------:|:------------:|
|  1 |   40011JX  |      171     |
|  2 |   92709JU  |      162     |
|  3 | BLANKPLATE |      154     |
|  4 |   12258MG  |      106     |
|  5 |   62496JM  |      104     |
|  6 |   88809JA  |      100     |
|  7 |   K20396K  |      90      |
|  8 |   60431MD  |      86      |
|  9 |   56267MG  |      77      |
| 10 |   63545MC  |      76      |

## Top 10 Complaints
|  # |      Complaint Type      | # of Complaints |
|:--:|:------------------------:|:---------------:|
|  1 |     Blocked Driveway     |       8521      |
|  2 |      Illegal Parking     |       6963      |
|  3 |          Heating         |       6910      |
|  4 |     Street Condition     |       6034      |
|  5 |    Noise - Residential   |       5463      |
|  6 |      Heat/Hot Water      |       4964      |
|  7 |  Street Light Condition  |       4721      |
|  8 |         Plumbing         |       3330      |
|  9 |       Water System       |       3126      |
| 10 | Traffic Signal Condition |       2996      |

## Map of 311 Complaints
[Interactive Map](http://rawgit.com/jchen2186/bensonhurst/master/bensonhurst_311_calls.html)
Preview of Map
![Preview map of Bensonhurst with 311 complaints](https://i.gyazo.com/9619968dac6edf791b7f186d30f6af54.png)
